hey guys it's me cubics and today we're
going to be in packaging something very
special this package actually comes from
crazy bad Qbert and inside should be the
more you hunting or what I'm going to be
calling it as the shadow cube so first
of all thank you Dan so much for sending
this to me I really appreciate it and
rest assured I will take very good care
of it taking the cube out the first
thing I noticed was that a corner cap
was missing so I had to look back into
the package to see if the piece was in
there it actually wasn't the piece
actually got wedged on top of another
corner but putting it back in was pretty
straightforward there are three holes on
the corner piece and there are three
pegs on the cap so they go in as you
would assume first turns on this puzzle
it is actually kind of squeaky and it
feels really dry but it's very very fast
it's kind of smoothed although pretty
crispy and it's very easy to control I
really like all of the turns the M
slices the outer layers everything just
works very very well as far as stickers
go they all have very good contrast I
think for me the red and the orange were
pretty similar I'm used to bright orange
but I do know that Dan likes regular
orange so it is just a personal
preference thing overall though the
stickers are really nice and he did a
really good job of putting them on there
popping out the pieces we can see that
it has a red core this of course is the
prototype that he had so I think the
mass-produced version actually has a
blue core and I do have a mass-produced
version coming so I will make sure to
check on that and also see if there are
any other differences as far as the
pieces go they're pretty straightforward
the edge actually looks a lot like older
cubes it's very blocky while the corner
actually looks a lot like the Witt long
corner and actually I think it's because
the same person designed both cubes what
you're watching right now is they sub 12
average of 5 which is really impressive
to me because even though it's not
really what I average considering this
is a cube I just got out of the package
I'm getting pretty decent times I've
gotten to 8 secconds solves and one 7
second solve all of them of which were
full step it's just incredible
now if you've actually watched my videos
for a while now you know that usually
I'm pretty harsh on cubes especially for
first impressions it takes a lot to
impress me but I will say this out of
the package I actually considered making
this cube my main right away and right
now it's still a huge consideration
obviously I have to
play with it more and I will eventually
do a review but still for first
impressions I could not be happier with
this puzzle I think it is a perfect fit
for my turn style and I just really
really like the cube now as far as the
sound goes a lot of people don't like
loud cubes or they don't like the sound
of this cube sound doesn't actually
bother me that much since I've
headphones on anyway when I cube this
cube is pretty loud but it really
doesn't bother me overall first
impressions if you couldn't tell already
I absolutely loved this cube and I
expect to get really good times on it
I'm not really sure yet if I'm gonna be
using it at Worlds but there's a really
good chance that I will but of course
this is still first impression so I
don't want to hype it up too much
aside from that just a couple notes
about what I'm going to be doing with
this cube obviously you guys are
expecting a review but I'm also
expecting a mass produced version of
this puzzle which I think has a couple
changes so what I'm actually going to do
I think is a second impressions video
with this prototype cube explaining the
things that I like and don't like you
can actually think of it as one of those
really long reviews instead of the
voiceover ones that I usually do so I'll
just talk about it in a lot of detail
and then once I get the mass produced
version I will do one of my short
three-and-a-half minute reviews on that
one since that's going to be the cube
that you guys will be buying and not
this so basically I'll be doing two
reviews on this cube and hopefully you
guys will enjoy that so thank you again
Dan for sending this it was really
really nice of you and thank you all for
watching until next time
toodles